Updates for um41 again (#101)
Ultramarine-Linux/wiki: src/content/docs/en/welcome.mdx

Ultramarine Linux was created out of frustration with the legal limits of Fedora. As Fedora (and Red Hat) is an American entity, there are legal restrictions on what software can be
packaged in the distribution due to the US patent system.

Ultramarine, on the other hand, is based in Thailand and is not subject to any of the copyright restrictions on what software can be packaged.

The Ultramarine team aims to make Fedora a little more user-friendly by allowing users to install or package any software they want as long as someone maintains it in Flathub, RPMFusion, or Terra.

In addition to this, we provide various UX improvements around the system, and in the future, custom apps.

Ultramarine highly encourages users to contribute to the project, check out the [Contributor Guide](/en/contributing/contributorguide) to get started!

> 

Reviewer: I see what you're doing, but you are removing the last 3 unrelated paragraphs but not removing the "created out of frustration" part.

Either don't remove it, or remove the correct parts.

Reviewer 2: probably should remove it all for now, this will require more surgery so i'll do that in a moment

Author: Bumping this

Cutefish is no longer maintained upstream. We decided to stop supporting Cutefish due to this in Ultramarine 37.

### What happened to Pantheon?

> We dropped our Pantheon Edition in Ultramarine 40. Downloads had been steadily declining for some time and Pantheon simply wouldn't work in 40, we decided to drop it for these reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pantheon Edition was removed in UM40. Downloads had been steadily declining for some time and the desktop simply failed to start, which is why unfortunately it was dropped.

```

> ### Can you add a (insert desktop here) edition?
> 
> Put simply, maybe. We require any new desktop being added to Ultramarine to fit a small set of requirements:
> 
> - Be actively maintained (Release in the last year, plans for another release, reccent commits)
> - Be capable of displaying libhelium apps (The installer and out-of-box experience are both Helium apps)
> - A working Wayland session **OR** a reasonable plan to implement one
> 
> Ideally, any new edition will also have the following:
> 
> - Accessibility toolings
> - A native app store with support for distribution upgrades
> - Support for the accent colours and colour schemes setting portals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can you add a (insert desktop here) edition?

Put simply, maybe. We require new editions to satisfy the following small set of requirements:

- Be actively maintained (release in the last year, plans for another release)
- Be capable of displaying `libhelium` apps (the installer and out-of-box experience are both Helium apps)
- A working Wayland session **OR** a reasonable plan to implement one

Ideally, any new edition will also have the following:

- Accessibility toolings
- A native app store with support for distribution upgrades
- Support for the accent colours and colour schemes setting portals

You may also manually install the desktop environment if it is available in Fedora.
```

> It should be noted a new Ultramarine desktop edition is rare. If is a new desktop in the Linux space, that doesn't mean Ultramarine will immediately, or ever, adopt it, as new desktop editions require a lot of planning, development, testing, etc.

Reviewer: remove this

Reviewer 2: the last two requirements aren't changing, we should rewrite line 79 there to make it a little less stringent

### Is Ultramarine semi-rolling?

No. Ultramarine and Fedora are not semi-rolling or rolling. Instead, they use a stable release scheme.
Updates with breaking changes are rolled out for major releases. Minor updates/point updates are backwards-compatible. Put simply, system components in Ultramarine are updated if and only if they do not break compatibility.

> However, Ultramarine Linux includes Terra, RPM Fusion and Flathub.

Reviewer: RPM Fusion

### Is Ultramarine semi-rolling?

No. Ultramarine and Fedora are not semi-rolling or rolling. Instead, they use a stable release scheme.
Updates with breaking changes are rolled out for major releases. Minor updates/point updates are backwards-compatible. Put simply, system components in Ultramarine are updated if and only if they do not break compatibility.

> However, Ultramarine Linux includes Terra, RPMFusion and Flathub.

Reviewer: I said RPM Fusion is called RPM Fusion, please go to the official website.

Reviewer 2: oh shit, it is
